it pleased her ass to set over the
it pleased her ass to set over the kingdom 100
kingdom 100
kingdom 100 say traps to be over the whole kingdom
say traps to be over the whole kingdom
say traps to be over the whole kingdom and over these three governors of whom
and over these three governors of whom
and over these three governors of whom Daniel was one that the say traps might
Daniel was one that the say traps might
Daniel was one that the say traps might give a count to them so that the king
give a count to them so that the king
give a count to them so that the king would suffer no loss them this Daniel
would suffer no loss them this Daniel
would suffer no loss them this Daniel distinguished himself above the
distinguished himself above the
distinguished himself above the governor's and say traps because an
governor's and say traps because an
governor's and say traps because an excellent spirit was in him and the king
excellent spirit was in him and the king
excellent spirit was in him and the king gave thought to setting him over the
gave thought to setting him over the
gave thought to setting him over the whole realm so the governors and say
whole realm so the governors and say
whole realm so the governors and say traps sought to find some charge against
traps sought to find some charge against
traps sought to find some charge against Daniel concerning the kingdom but they
Daniel concerning the kingdom but they
Daniel concerning the kingdom but they could find no charge or fault because he
could find no charge or fault because he
could find no charge or fault because he was faithful nor was there any error or
was faithful nor was there any error or
was faithful nor was there any error or fault found in him then these man said
fault found in him then these man said
fault found in him then these man said we shall not find any charge against
we shall not find any charge against
we shall not find any charge against this Daniel unless we find it against
this Daniel unless we find it against
this Daniel unless we find it against him concerning the law of his God
him concerning the law of his God
him concerning the law of his God so these governors and say traps
so these governors and say traps
so these governors and say traps thronged before the king King Darius
thronged before the king King Darius
thronged before the king King Darius live forever all the governors of the
live forever all the governors of the
live forever all the governors of the kingdom the administrators and say traps
kingdom the administrators and say traps
kingdom the administrators and say traps the counselors and advisers have
the counselors and advisers have
the counselors and advisers have consulted together to establish a royal
consulted together to establish a royal
consulted together to establish a royal statute and to make a firm decree that
statute and to make a firm decree that
statute and to make a firm decree that whoever petitions any God or man for 30
whoever petitions any God or man for 30
whoever petitions any God or man for 30 days except you
days except you
days except you o King shall be cast into the den of
o King shall be cast into the den of
o King shall be cast into the den of lions now o King established the decree
lions now o King established the decree
lions now o King established the decree and signed the writing so that it cannot
and signed the writing so that it cannot
and signed the writing so that it cannot be changed according to the law of the
be changed according to the law of the
be changed according to the law of the Medes and Persians which does not alter
Medes and Persians which does not alter
Medes and Persians which does not alter therefore King Darius signed the written
therefore King Darius signed the written
therefore King Darius signed the written decree
decree
decree I went Daniel knew that the writing was
I went Daniel knew that the writing was
I went Daniel knew that the writing was signed he went home and in his upper
signed he went home and in his upper
signed he went home and in his upper room with his windows open toward
room with his windows open toward
room with his windows open toward Jerusalem he knelt down on his knees
Jerusalem he knelt down on his knees
Jerusalem he knelt down on his knees three times that day and prayed and gave
three times that day and prayed and gave
three times that day and prayed and gave thanks for for his God as was his custom
thanks for for his God as was his custom
thanks for for his God as was his custom since early days then these men
since early days then these men
since early days then these men assembled and found Daniel praying and
assembled and found Daniel praying and
assembled and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God and
making supplication before his God and
making supplication before his God and they went before the king and spoke
they went before the king and spoke
they went before the king and spoke concerning the Kings decree have you not
concerning the Kings decree have you not
concerning the Kings decree have you not signed a decree that every man who
signed a decree that every man who
signed a decree that every man who petitions any God or man within 30 days
petitions any God or man within 30 days
petitions any God or man within 30 days except you Hokie shall be cast into the
except you Hokie shall be cast into the
except you Hokie shall be cast into the den of lions the thing is true according
den of lions the thing is true according
den of lions the thing is true according to the law of the Medes and Persians
to the law of the Medes and Persians
to the law of the Medes and Persians which does not alter that Daniel who is
which does not alter that Daniel who is
which does not alter that Daniel who is one of the captives from Judah does not
one of the captives from Judah does not
one of the captives from Judah does not show due regard for you O king or for
show due regard for you O king or for
show due regard for you O king or for the decree that you have signed but
the decree that you have signed but
the decree that you have signed but makes his petition three times a day and
makes his petition three times a day and
makes his petition three times a day and the king when he heard these words was
the king when he heard these words was
the king when he heard these words was greatly displeased with himself and set
greatly displeased with himself and set
greatly displeased with himself and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him and
his heart on Daniel to deliver him and
his heart on Daniel to deliver him and he labored till the going down of the
he labored till the going down of the
he labored till the going down of the Sun to deliver him then these men
Sun to deliver him then these men
Sun to deliver him then these men approached the King know o king that it
approached the King know o king that it
approached the King know o king that it is the law of the Medes and Persians
is the law of the Medes and Persians
is the law of the Medes and Persians that no decree or statute which the king
that no decree or statute which the king
that no decree or statute which the king establishes may be changed the king gave
establishes may be changed the king gave
establishes may be changed the king gave the command and they brought Daniel and
the command and they brought Daniel and
the command and they brought Daniel and cast him into the den of lions but the
cast him into the den of lions but the
cast him into the den of lions but the King spoke saying to Daniel your God
King spoke saying to Daniel your God
King spoke saying to Daniel your God whom you serve continually he would
whom you serve continually he would
whom you serve continually he would then a stone was brought and laid on the
then a stone was brought and laid on the
then a stone was brought and laid on the mouth of the den and the King sealed it
mouth of the den and the King sealed it
mouth of the den and the King sealed it with his own signet ring and with the
with his own signet ring and with the
with his own signet ring and with the cygnets of his laws that the purpose
cygnets of his laws that the purpose
cygnets of his laws that the purpose concerning Daniel might not be changed
concerning Daniel might not be changed
concerning Daniel might not be changed now the king went to his palace and
now the king went to his palace and
now the king went to his palace and spent the night fasting and no musicians
spent the night fasting and no musicians
spent the night fasting and no musicians were brought before him also his sleep
were brought before him also his sleep
were brought before him also his sleep went from him then the King arose very
went from him then the King arose very
went from him then the King arose very early in the morning and went in haste
early in the morning and went in haste
early in the morning and went in haste to the den of lions when he came to the
to the den of lions when he came to the
to the den of lions when he came to the den he cried out with a lemon ting voice
den he cried out with a lemon ting voice
den he cried out with a lemon ting voice to Daniel Daniel servants of the Living
to Daniel Daniel servants of the Living
to Daniel Daniel servants of the Living God has your God whom you serve
God has your God whom you serve
God has your God whom you serve continually been able to deliver you
continually been able to deliver you
continually been able to deliver you from the Lions Oh King live forever my
from the Lions Oh King live forever my
from the Lions Oh King live forever my God sent his angel and shut the Lions
God sent his angel and shut the Lions
God sent his angel and shut the Lions mouths so that they have not hurt me
mouths so that they have not hurt me
mouths so that they have not hurt me because I was found innocent before him
because I was found innocent before him
because I was found innocent before him and also o King I have done no wrong
and also o King I have done no wrong
and also o King I have done no wrong before you now the king was exceedingly
before you now the king was exceedingly
before you now the king was exceedingly glad for him and commanded that they
glad for him and commanded that they
glad for him and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den so
should take Daniel up out of the den so
should take Daniel up out of the den so Daniel was taken up out of the den and
Daniel was taken up out of the den and
Daniel was taken up out of the den and no injury whatever was found on him
no injury whatever was found on him
no injury whatever was found on him because he believed in his God and the
because he believed in his God and the
because he believed in his God and the king gave the command and they brought
king gave the command and they brought
king gave the command and they brought those men who had accused Daniel and
those men who had accused Daniel and
those men who had accused Daniel and they cast them into the den of lions
they cast them into the den of lions
they cast them into the den of lions then their children and their wives
then their children and their wives
then their children and their wives the Lions overpowered them and broke all
the Lions overpowered them and broke all
the Lions overpowered them and broke all their bones in pieces before they ever
their bones in pieces before they ever
their bones in pieces before they ever came to the bottom of the dam then King
came to the bottom of the dam then King
came to the bottom of the dam then King Darius wrote to all peoples nations and
Darius wrote to all peoples nations and
Darius wrote to all peoples nations and languages that dwell in all the earth
languages that dwell in all the earth
languages that dwell in all the earth peace be multiplied to you I make a
peace be multiplied to you I make a
peace be multiplied to you I make a decree that in every dominion of my
decree that in every dominion of my
decree that in every dominion of my kingdom
kingdom
kingdom men must tremble and fear before the god
men must tremble and fear before the god
men must tremble and fear before the god of Daniel for he is the Living God and
of Daniel for he is the Living God and
of Daniel for he is the Living God and steadfast forever his kingdom is the one
steadfast forever his kingdom is the one
steadfast forever his kingdom is the one which shall not be destroyed and his
which shall not be destroyed and his
which shall not be destroyed and his Dominion shall endure to the end he
Dominion shall endure to the end he
Dominion shall endure to the end he delivers and rescues and he works signs
delivers and rescues and he works signs
delivers and rescues and he works signs and wonders in heaven and on earth who
and wonders in heaven and on earth who
and wonders in heaven and on earth who has delivered Daniel from the power of
has delivered Daniel from the power of
has delivered Daniel from the power of the Lions
the Lions
the Lions so this Daniel prospered in the reign of
so this Daniel prospered in the reign of
so this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius and in the reign of Cyrus the
Darius and in the reign of Cyrus the
Darius and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian